EXH-1548 Updated the changelogs (#1060)
ExtraHorizon/javascript-sdk: gitbook/other/change-log.md

## [8.12.0]

### Added

> - The error type `ServiceUnreachableError` to support deprecated services

Reviewer: (silly, non blocking) Would it make sense to state how it supports the deprecation of the services?
```suggestion
- The error type `ServiceUnreachableError` to support detecting no longer running services
```

### Fixed

> - Options are now correctly passed to the `findAll` method

Reviewer 2: We should probably also mention the error on using `skipCount` with `findAll`?
